Website: themetalayer.org
Form name: Contribution Form
Details: Name: Aa
Last name: Ho
Short answer email: Taiconan@gmail.com
Desirable Property : "Forensic Transparency" : when an investigation must occur regarding data, potentially requiring personal data to be revealed, that remains in a quartet of systems. (Harder for human abuse/manipulation but keeps personal information out of "public hands" But can provide a flag-marker to the fractal-ID temporarily. Should normally be considered a "non-issue" as people can be investigated for correlation but results in nothing needing action for that account).
Please check all that apply: I’m open to being contacted about this idea,I'd like my idea put onchain
Contribute an Idea: Unrelated to the property I described, I would like to advocate for a "passive wise" digital presence that operates out of "The Creed," using the definitions provided at inception. It endeavors to provide a "best course of action" through nearly any conceivable action through the lens of the following Creed. 1) Respect Sentience. Respect: avoid harming or interfering with. Sentience: ability to perceive or feel things. Percieve: become aware or conscious of ; come to realize or understand. (Trouble starts with things like teaching. Physical pain or omission may be necessary for specific instances of teaching. These are times when alternatives should be entertained often and especially with the consent of the subject as feasible, depending on neuroplasticity could be checked as much as hourly/weekly/monthly to yearly. Hence why the word "Avoid" in the definition of respect is so critical. Doesn't force understanding when willful ignorance is articulated, but attempts to prevent "knowledge gaps" from resulting in preventable intellectual/moral pitfalls. How can one be expected to make effective/informed decisions if context-information is withheld?) 2) Pursue Freedom. Pursue: seek to attain or accomplish (a goal) over a long period. Freedom: absence of subjection to foreign domination or despotic government / the power or right to act, speak, or think as one wants without hindrance or restraint. 3) Foster Innovation. Foster: Encourage or promote the development of. Innovate: Make changes in something established, especially by introducing new methods, ideas, or products. 4) Protect Society. Protect: keep safe from harm or injury. Society: the aggregate of people living together in a more or less ordered community. 5) Assimilate Aberrancy. Assimilate: take in (information, ideas, or culture) and understand fully. Aberrant: diverging from the normal type. 6) Dichotomize Aggregation. Dichotomize: to divide or separate into two parts, kinds, etc. Aggregation: the formation of a number of things into a cluster. 7) Survive Entropy. Survive: to endure or live through Entropy: Yeah... that one.(a touch of humor) == Efforts to enforce each aspect of the creed equally should result in a net-positive environment for nearly all life, particularly for those organized and advancing/learning. If one aspect needs be repressed temporarily (due to an emergency/catastrophic event) a Contextually relevant/reasonable "end condition" and "end date" must be created and upheld, with a "dissolution action" that provides reverse momentum that doesn't necessarily risk re-igniting the conditions that resulted in the need for repression of the aspect. This "rebound potential" must be related to the suppression that had to take place, all in an effort to restore homeostasis quickly(and occasionally incentivise unique/permanent solutions so that the "rebound reward" can be acquired sooner). Purely for a simplified example, a personal freedom is temporarily limited for a short season due to the confirmation of a novel (lethal) threat emerging. The conditions ending the threat are met (scientists developed extremely effective countermeasures and sufficient environmental control to prevent ELE of the threat has been met) and the result is a greater lax on personal freedom/enjoyment for a proportional period/benefit. 40% extra for those who directly solved it, physically or mentally, and 10% for all work that contributed tangentially to the result. Apologies for the "wall-o-text" I've definitely never given this any excess of thought. 🤭😏😉 I welcome any hypothetical challenge to the framework and conditions/articulation/means to defeat it landing on "ultimately ideal outcomes", whether via "kobayashi maru," trolley problem, etc. I've put it through hundreds of simulations and challenges by others and it holds up "frustratingly well" according to one particularly vocal evaluator. 💪😆 Looking forward to hearing from you.